Hi, everyone.
My name is Ryan Lewis, and welcome to my course AWS Developer: Getting Started.
I'm a web engineer at Expedia, and I work with AWS every day.
Amazon Web Services is the largest cloud provider in the
world and is estimated to generate more revenue than its
three biggest competitors combined.
With customers like Netflix, Dropbox, and Expedia,
this should come as no surprise.
In this course,
we are going to learn the fundamentals of developing and
deploying web applications to AWS.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include deploying
scalable applications using EC2 and Elastic Beanstalk,
storing static content in S3 and edging it with CloudFront,
creating reproducible infrastructure with CloudFormation templates,
and using managed databases with RDS and DynamoDB.
By the end of this course,
you'll feel comfortable developing your own applications with
AWS. Before beginning this course, you should be familiar
with how web applications work,
and it may help to have some experience with Node.js.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn Amazon Web Services with the AWS Developer: Getting Started course at Pluralsight.